monster, 2, cleric, 0, example
monster, 2, warrier, 0, example
monster, 3, cleric, 0, example
monster, 4, female, 0, example
monster, 5, warrier, 1, example
monster, 6, male, 1, example
monster, 7, male, 1, example
monster, 8, wizard, 1, example
monster, 9, female, 1, example
monster, 10, cleric, 1, example
monster, 10, wizard, 1, example
monster, 11, warrier, 1, example
monster, 12, female, 1, example
monster, 12, cleric, 1, example
monster, 13, male, 2, example
monster, 14, warrier, 2, example
monster, 15, wizard, 2, example
monster, 16, female, 2, example
monster, 17, warrier, 2, example
monster, 18, cleric, 2, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 1, wizard, example
armour, 1, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 1, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 1, wizard, example
armour, 1, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 1, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 1, wizard, example
armour, 1, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 1, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 1, wizard, example
armour, 1, warrier, example
armour, 0, cleric, example
armour, 0, wizard, example
armour, 0, warrier, example
armour, 1, cleric, example
combat, 15, example
combat, 16, example
combat, 17, example
combat, 15, example
combat, 16, example
combat, 17, example
combat, 15, example
combat, 16, example
combat, 17, example
combat, 15, example
combat, 16, example
combat, 17, example
combat, 15, example
combat, 13, example
combat, 14, example